1. Overall I want a more clean, minimal, "don't make me think" dashboard.  Any element that is not necessary should be removed. I want the overall feel and aesthetic to be brutally simply and easy on the eyes. a nice off white color resembling a notebook. no icons except for the website logo and the user logo (for logout / settings / profile)
2 only want a simple brand icon in the upper-left with no text when a user logs in, and only a single header / menu bar.
3. After creating a new account there should be no "No Partner Yet" error on the main dashboard. That should be in the "partner tab
4. The top menu options should be as follows: Goals, Habits, Partner
5. Instead of the user name with a log out icon, it should just be a circle with the first letter of the user name. When they click on the circle they can log out.
6. Instead of "My weekly goals" it should say "Enter Goal Set".
7. remove they grey "no goals yet. add your first goal" watermark text
8. The background is a nice off-white with very faint grey lines resembling an excel spreadsheet, or notebook. very minimalistic
9. when the user clicks anywhere in the body (near "Enter Goal Set") they are first prompted to enter a date range for the goal set. It will default with "1" and "week" - the user is prompted [click enter to continue]. First, the "1" will be highlighted and the user can type a number, or use the arrow keys up and down to select a number. Once they hit enter, they can do the same with the next field, which defaults to "week". If the user presses arrow down, it goes to "day" and if they press arrow up, it goes to "month" (or they can type this in. After clicking enter again the app goes down a space, just like a word processor would and they are given a blank line with faint grey underline and blinking cursor to write their first goal. They write their goal however they want and click enter to create another goal. There will be a simple black "Finish" button the user will click when they are done adding goals. Once they complete a goal "set", animate draw a simple faint box around that set. Also add a simple checkbox to the left of each goal that the user can click to complete. When hovering over a specific goal, the user should also be given the option to "add a note" to the goal which is saved (and moved if the goal is migrated to the next "set"). The user  can also click back in to the set at any point to add or edit goals.
10. When the timeframe for the goal set elapses, the user should be notified when they log in. 
11. When making a new goal set, the user will be given the option to migrate their previous goals to the new "set".
12. After a new goal set has been created, the expired goal set will be archived in the "habits page" under a special table titled "past goal sets" where the user can click a drop down list of all the old goal sets.
13. use this font for everything "C:\Users\brani\Desktop\Temp\NDot57Caps.otf"
